I have the man who has given guilt back its good name.
Oh, that's funny.
From your drinking buddy.
Bruce, wow.
What do you think of that?
Smile bad as Dr. Coles over here.
Who would have thought?
He says, P.S., call me, oh mystery man.
Call me, oh mystery man.
Wow.
So you hit it off with him.
At this point, my son's decided that I actually had done something in life.
Yeah.
It isn't.
That's something.
And there's the stuff here.
Well, you'll see.
You know, this is all his writing, including something in the O'Connor, where he'd been reading O'Connor.
Who's the publisher of this, might I ask?
Yeah.
You should get that.
Yeah, I'll get it.
Here it is.
Avon books.
Avon?
Okay, Avon.
You're going to book this up.
It's a wonderful book.
.
Now, we can't even know what, but we can't even know what we're talking about.
We're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about how we're talking about.
Okay.
Right over here.
Right here.
It's right here on the right.
That's Barnhoff.
Yeah.
Between Percy and Williams.
Uh-huh.
This is no accident.
When did that piece run on the New Yorker?
No, it was a two-part profile.
It came in... Remember last hand what year it was?
I can... It'll save me a little time when I go to the library to read it, that's all.
There was all this stuff... Doctor, don't bother.
I'll find it.
It was...
Yeah, at some place.
It would have been around, uh, uh, the 70s probably.
Okay.
Well, fine.
It's just, usually, they list it by years as well.
Yeah, it was two, uh... So it was two, it was two-part.
Yeah.
Okay.
And this is Walker and Babb, by the other ways, and that's Bonhoeff and Ralph Williams.
Wow.
Flannery O'Connor.
My mother gave me a picture of that, but it's not usually seen.
You know, she said a little prayer there.
Wonderful.
There's Walker and May.
Agee over there, I think, right?
That's right, Agee.
This is another one of hers here.
That's a nice one.
It's down in Covington, I bet, right?
Yeah.
And Carver.
Carver.
Yeah, we haven't even mentioned Carver.
Very important.
I taught him and taught him in the course.
And he's kind of a recent addition to, I mean, he's been dead for a while, but kind of a recent addition to your canon.
I hate to use that word.
Well, he's very much part of it.
I got to know Tess Gower, and I talked with her much after he died, but very much part of that whole course.
Yeah, fabulous.
I think I should leave the young man alone here.
That's Erickson.
That's boring.
That's Anna Floyd.
Wow.
So this is selecting pictures for the study.
It's very important.
Again, we were talking about the importance of the... Here's an interesting story.
You see this photograph?
Yeah.
That photograph was brought to mine to a walk.
And he said, let me grab that.
And only she could find in New York City a store with the word psychiatrist.
Only Helen Levin.
I said, how did she find that?
She said, I just like to walk and look.
I like to walk and look.
This is a new digital camera, by the way.
I can take like 300 pictures.
This is a new digital camera that I have.
And it's just amazing all the different pictures like that.
I don't know how to use cameras at all.
I need to take a picture.
Whatever.
This is my son Daniel and my grandson.
These are some fancy pictures from my mother.
I'm sure you don't want to get any balanced reflection there.
You can even see the pictures that I'm getting here.
I remember the old-fashioned brown cameras in my palace.
I swore that I would never go digital, but I broke down.
I still carry a film camera with me, just in case.
I'll be able to go home and download these pictures.
Well, Doctor, I think, briefly, if we could just do a brief quote on Carver, and also, we never did... I think so, yeah.
I have a very important...
Raymond Conover's story of working people in their ordinary lives.
He was a master storyteller, and the story of his life is the story of vulnerability and marginality of sorts, social and economic.
But what came out of that, and someone who knew how to tell those stories in ways that one
remembers and remembers.
And then, of course, he dies fairly young.
He died young the way Agee did, the way Orwell did.
And there's an acceptance of it that is almost inspirational, isn't it?
I think he knew he was, well, he knew he was dying because he had cancer in the lung, I think, that had metastasized.
But, you know, these are brief, luminous
almost incandescent lives that these men lived.
And, in contrast, is the older, longer, luminous, incandescent life of someone like, such as Tilley Olsen.
Zora Neale Hurston also died young.
Better not get into this.
Of course, John Keats, who did some medical, they like to say he had some medical training, but, you know, some.
Yeah.
You look at Keats.
Chekhov, of course, is another of your position type.
Yeah, yes, and I'll use him.
In fact, I've written an introduction to some of his stories.
Well, Chekhov-Williams-Stories.
And Chekhov, that
Chekhov in Sakhalin Island, talk about the tradition of documentary work, crossing the whole continent at that time, the whole world, to get to Sakhalin, working there and observing and telling the world about what he saw, so important.
Talk about, I mean, there's Patterson, William Carlos Williams is Patterson, and also his doctor's stories in
prose.
And then there's Chekhov, Sakhalin, the island term.
Fantastic.
Just briefly, the importance of Kierkegaard in the life of Walker Percy.
Because Kierkegaard, in some way, as Walker used to tell me, Kierkegaard, before Floyd, understood the unconscious and how it works, understood negatives becoming
almost with incendiary fire in the person's life, and fear and trembling is the book that Kierkegaard wrote, and also the concept of dread or anxiety.
So he was a master psychologist.
Walker kept telling me, he used to joke with me, he said, your buddy Freud.
I said, Walker, my buddy Freud?
Your buddy Freud would have a lot to learn from Kierkegaard.
And where, at what point in his life do you think Walker encountered Kierkegaard?
When he was sick?
I think when he was sick, you remember, he majored in chemistry in college, then he went to medical school, then he was an intern there at Bellevue, and then he was sick.
He went up to Saranac Lake, I think.
Yeah, and then he was sick, but then he read, and he read, and he read, and you know,
ailing, he embraced, this is when he went through his spiritual, I won't call it a crisis, his spiritual life.
That's when he became spiritually awake
and alive and connected to the reflections both in the Bible and in the whole tradition.
I know he told me he read St.
Augustine, he read Pascal, of course, and anyone who read Kierkegaard would understand that Pascal and Kierkegaard were soul buddies, if you'll pardon the expression.
I'm glad I asked the question.
That's a wonderful answer.
Thank you.
Anyway.
Listen, I've taken up a lot of these.
No, no, no.
This is going to be all going here.
I will up.
But I will do it.